#summary A quick guide on setting up Zamf for use with CakePHP.

=== Step 1 ===

Download the latest release of Zamf using the link provided on the project home page or alternatively check-out the latest source using a subversion client such as Tortoise SVN.

=== Step 2 ===

Download the latest release of [http://www.cakephp.org CakePHP] from their website. Be sure to support the project by making a donation!

=== Step 3 ===

Download the latest release of [http://framework.zend.com/download/latest Zend] from their website.

=== Step 4 ===

If you are working locally using [http://www.wampserver.com WAMP] or [http://www.mamp.info MAMP] you should place the [http://www.cakephp.org CakePHP] Framework in your _www_ installation folder, or a location you think is suitable. Otherwise just upload the files to your server.

*Example:* _C:\wamp\www\cake\_

=== Step 5 ===

Extract the [http://framework.zend.com/download/latest Zend] Framework and place the entire _Zend_ folder in your projects _vendors_ directory.

*Example:* _C:\wamp\www\cake\app\vendors\_

If for some reason you don't want to include the entire Framework you can simply add the folders and files listed below. However I cannot guarantee this will always work with future versions of [http://framework.zend.com/download/latest Zend].

  * _C:\wamp\www\cake\app\vendors\Zend\Amf\..._
  * _C:\wamp\www\cake\app\vendors\Zend\Date\..._
  * _C:\wamp\www\cake\app\vendors\Zend\Loader\..._
  * _C:\wamp\www\cake\app\vendors\Zend\Server\..._
  * _C:\wamp\www\cake\app\vendors\Zend\Date.php_
  * _C:\wamp\www\cake\app\vendors\Zend\Exception.php_
  * _C:\wamp\www\cake\app\vendors\Zend\Loader.php_
  * _C:\wamp\www\cake\app\vendors\Zend\Version.php_

=== Step 6 ===

With Zamf downloaded and extracted, place the _zend_ folder and all of its contents into your projects _plugins_ directory.

*Example:* _C:\wamp\www\cake\app\plugins\zend\_

=== Step 7 ===

Open and edit the file: _C:\wamp\www\cake\app\webroot\index.php_

*Original*
{{{
if (isset($_GET['url']) && $_GET['url'] === 'favicon.ico') {
    return;
} else {
    $Dispatcher = new Dispatcher();
    $Dispatcher->dispatch($url);
}
}}}
*Edited*
{{{
if (isset($_GET['url']) && $_GET['url'] === 'favicon.ico') {
    return;
} else {
    App::import('Vendor', 'Zend.AmfDispatcher');
    $Dispatcher = new Dispatcher();
    $Dispatcher->dispatch($url);
}
}}}

=== Step 8 ===

Open and edit the file: _C:\wamp\www\cake\app\app_controller.php_ making sure the Zamf plugin is added to the list of components being utilized.

{{{
<?php
class AppController extends Controller
{
    public $components = array('Zend.Amf');
}
?>
}}}

=== Step 9 ===

Point your gateway to: http://localhost/cake/